.TH CABEXTRACT 1 "April 20, 2003"
.SH NAME
cabextract \- program to extract files from Microsoft cabinet (.cab) archives
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cabextract
.RB [ -d \fIdir\fP ]
.RB [ -f ]
.RB [ -F \fIpattern\fP ]
.RB [ -h ]
.RB [ -l ]
.RB [ -L ]
.RB [ -p ]
.RB [ -q ]
.RB [ -s ]
.RB [ -v ]
.I " cabinet files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cabextract
is a program that un-archives files in the
Microsoft cabinet file format (.cab) or any binary file which contains
an embedded cabinet file (frequently found in .exe files).
.PP
.B cabextract
will extract all files from all cabinet files specified on the command line
.PP
To extract a multi\-part cabinet consisting of several
files, only the
.I first
cabinet file needs to be given as an argument to
.B cabextract
as it will automatically look for the remaining files. To prevent
.B cabextract
from extracting or listing cabinet files you did not specify, use the
.B -s
option.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d \fIdir\fP
Extracts all files into the directory \fIdir\fP.
.TP
.B \-f
When extracting cabinet files, corrupted MSZIP blocks will be ignored.
A warning will be printed if a corrupted MSZIP block is encountered.
.TP
.B \-F \fIpattern\fP
Only files with names that match the shell pattern \fIpattern\fP shall be
extracted. On non-GNU systems, this match is case-sensitive.
.TP
.B \-h
Prints a page of help and exits.
.TP
.B \-l
Lists the contents of the given cabinet files, rather than extracting them.
.TP
.B \-L
When extracting cabinet files, makes each extracted file's name lowercase.
.TP
.B \-p
Files shall be extracted to standard output.
.TP
.B \-q
When extracting cabinet files, suppresses all messages except errors and
warnings.
.TP
.B \-s
When listing or extracting cabinets which span multiple files, only cabinet
files given on the command line shall be used.
.TP
.B \-v
If given alone on the command line, prints the version of
.B cabextract
and exits. Given with a list of cabinet files, it will list the contents
of the cabinet files.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Stuart Caie <kyzer@4u.net>, based on
the one written by Eric Sharkey <sharkey@debian.org>, for the Debian
GNU/Linux system.
